feat: add jest-dom-prefer-enabled-disabled, jest-dom-prefer-required, jest-dom-prefer-checked rules (#31)
Belco90/eslint-plugin-testing-library: docs/rules/jest-dom-prefer-enabled-disabled.md

# prefer toBeDisabled() or toBeEnabled() over toHaveProperty('disabled', true|false) (jest-dom-prefer-enabled-disabled)

## Rule Details

> This rule aims to prevent false positives and improve readability and should only be used with the @testing-library/jest-dom package. See below for examples of those potential issues and why this rule is recommended. The rule is autofixable and will replace any instances of `.toHaveProperty()` or `.toHaveAttribute()` with `.toBeEnabled()` or `toBeDisabled()` as appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule aims to prevent false positives and improve readability and should only be used with the `@testing-library/jest-dom` package. See below for examples of those potential issues and why this rule is recommended. The rule is autofixable and will replace any instances of `.toHaveProperty()` or `.toHaveAttribute()` with `.toBeEnabled()` or `toBeDisabled()` as appropriate.
```

> In addition, to avoid double negatives and confusing syntax, `expect(element).not.toBeDisabled()` is also reported and auto-fixed to `expect(element).toBeEnabled()` and visa versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, to avoid double negatives and confusing syntax, `expect(element).not.toBeDisabled()` is also reported and auto-fixed to `expect(element).toBeEnabled()` and vice versa.
```

### False positives

> consider these 2 snippets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider these 2 snippets:
```

```js

>     const { getByRole } = render(<input type="checkbox" disabled>);

Reviewer: Can you correct indentation?

    const element = getByRole("checkbox");
    expect(element).toHaveProperty('disabled'); // passes

    const { getByRole } = render(<input type="checkbox" >);
    const element = getByRole("checkbox");
    expect(element).toHaveProperty('disabled'); // also passes 😱
```

### Readability

> consider the following snippets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following snippets:
```

```js
const { getByRole } = render(<input type="checkbox" />);
const element = getByRole('checkbox');

expect(element).toHaveAttribute('disabled', false); // fails
expect(element).toHaveAttribute('disabled', ''); // fails
expect(element).not.toHaveAttribute('disabled', ''); // passes

expect(element).not.toHaveAttribute('disabled', true); // passes.
expect(element).not.toHaveAttribute('disabled', false); // also passes.
```

> As you can see there are a number of cases that be confusing, unintuitive and even lead to false positive tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, using `toHaveAttribute` in this case is confusing, unintuitive and can even lead to false positive tests.
```

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
expect(element).toHaveProperty('disabled', true);
expect(element).toHaveAttribute('disabled', false);

expect(element).toHaveAttribute('disabled');
expect(element).not.toHaveProperty('disabled');

expect(element).not.toBeDisabled();
expect(element).not.toBeEnabled();
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
expect(element).toBeEnabled();

expect(element).toBeDisabled();

expect(element).toHaveProperty('checked', true);

expect(element).toHaveAttribute('checked');
```

## When Not To Use It

Don't use this rule if you:

> - don't use jest-dom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- don't use `jest-dom`
```

> - want to allow `.toHaveProperty('disabled', true|false);

Reviewer 2: Code block not closed properly.

## Further reading

> - https://github.com/testing-library/jest-dom#tobedisabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [toBeDisabled](https://github.com/testing-library/jest-dom#tobedisabled)
- [toBeEnabled](https://github.com/testing-library/jest-dom#tobeenabled)
```
